I have no choice to you to me if I
am president you should choose julien
cazarre the cool break to
droughts and luis attack
little cool break I agree
with wiz but yes it him johnny hi
yes I agree and more because
the president is there nothing was going to do
by investing in the litter of
the referee each his place
the referees they go in their
cloakroom the coaches they go in
parking see the aisles opinions it
Dan is the yes troll is good level
you bother you the camera part
how does the camera ask then
unfortunately it would not be this
day that's what happened what
thurial damage there is no case
this building happened we do not
let's not condemn them but hey we did not
no proof and besides yes you
spoke earlier about the documentary
gilbert january 86 balavoine and thierry
sabine
but the real drama of this story
it was only five months after he attended
at france-brazil from tv in mexico to
milk that we have it's not true he saw the
luis penalty the guys they even
not seen that they left before having
lived saint-louis you realize
finally I do not want you old
memories for julie i think if that
disturbs and 30 years of penalty
the west he was a little fair and a little
I tell you, did you live it when
even stop the roofs yes yes I had
chances and yeah you were ashamed to
always seen that it shakes states of the
Brazil you it is you France Brazil
it's a bomb
level and with rai is a species of the ex
ap luis enrique came out of nowhere
the cuma monaco if we've ever seen you
brazil beats france does not matter its
life will come back that will come yes the
activities at nicolas jose anigo then the
brilliant jose anigo wanted to talk about
his activities none is any word on
an activity he's doing right now on
an encrypted string so that I find that
disgusting luis then I would say if
I was bad languages ​​that's
because it's a competing chain to
yours a luis while it's not
true there is no competition between
his chiefs but well short I am adapted
in any case I loved your question about
joe to jose anigo that you asked josé
when there were police custody at
marseille
did you propose to patch
trophy that awesome I imagined so hello
hello yes jose anigo the young I saw
that they had an ad for a
custody I was interested there for
to participate nothing but wait for you
rather, the formulas 24 48 hours
ah well here is the formula 24 hours I the
know already been a lot that's spanking
48 hours with the spot in the
mouth and the beating
he told me he was happy
relearn how to love very much I'll tell you
put aside you look a step so
I was going, sir diouf does not stop
the problem or madam I do not know if
it's true but it's next to lettuce
your stamps to everyone
I played well and thank you that gives him
and we immediately go on with Julian
cazarre luis l instant gaza is here but
there the paris of the galas the time that plays
I'm pretty often pretty strong
to give the good we did not say the
charlie rating that scores per capita
and charlie who equalizes
is how many mails its moorings not
did you mention the golden talent ball
I'm coming back to when from Ronaldo or
messi there you were there yes because the
guys who owns mark and spends seven
goals but you do it but there of course
it's still gilbert you have it
understood you understood it it's just
and you watched that
look at the goals it is this valley of ars
a trick for the sales ranking of
jerseys it's the guys who sell
jerseys it has nothing to do this is the
knows the development of cult of the
personality that you want
did not understand that since the
fifa bought it that's no longer called the
golden balloon we came to is called the
golden melon so excuse me the melon
it's even the port and manual neuer
he is not he is not there is not his
square
he is not level the golden ball
it's ronaldo behind you have a melon
of gold have a messiah case a big fat
melon but it's not the same in my opinion
the limit if we talked about the guys who
can possibly catch up with them paul
george lepp not the price relay the
yam 10 turnover potential that one you
are right to melon outside want in
Apart melon and gold I can
to be landed in the next
years and is not against the city hall
is not quoted palmyre and excuse me
he put misery to the best
central defense of the world val town hall and
we do not have the palace excuse me it's
which is good but who deserve to be
quoted I think that at the same time want
ficals tonight they could be 2000
and 1
I think he'll do the same thing so
naughty attention or and the golden melon
besides why the psg in your opinion
they kept van der wiel 1 and they have
sold jallet is what I was going
excuse me van der wiel yvan 88 cents
thousand gold jersey in amsterdam
see nothing that lived while I was going
he sells not even forty thousand miles
in the suburbs of cognac because he
comes from cognac
so excuse me I had there he has a
head dolbec in the in the cities of gold
of course ignores ben radios
yes yeah remember the olmecs
Ben and him it is one what are you
want to do with it does not hold sell
jerseys
you know what is the guy sold the
more jerseys on the last five
years
in your opinion gilbert says
born dead no it's babu he even did
flocking effect gift packages
but it's not beautiful it's a cost that the
good news
the good news when we see all this
is that we say that all these
guys there do not look at league 1 them
dishes that vote for the golden ball
and that's just good news for
they must do their shopping
they prefer football it's a choice and
just to finish the psg it's when
even in the last game he had
still an opportunity to take the lead
Well, we told them that's it
opportunity to take the lead and they have
successful are taken the head of laurent
white has a vision well lend their edge
I tell myself that maybe it's not bad
love it that's great I finished